changelog v1.21.0 (#630)
fusedio/fused-docs: docs/python-sdk/changelog.md

# Changelog

## v1.21.0 (2025-07-11)

**[`fused-py`](/python-sdk/)**

New Features:
- Added `fused.api.resolve`.
- Added `fused.api.team_info`.
- IPython magics now load automatically.
- When running a large (batch) job, it is now possible to specify the job's name.

> - Upgraded xarray to 2025.4.0, DuckDB to 1.3.2, and H3 to 4.3.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgraded `xarray` to 2025.4.0, DuckDB to 1.3.2, and H3 to 4.3.0.
```

- The `fd://` filesystem scheme will automatically be registered with `fsspec`.
- UDFs that return HTML will be loaded as `str` objects from `fused.run`.

> - Saved UDFs have a `catalog_url` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- UDFs saved on Fused server now have a `catalog_url` property to get the Workbench UDF URL.
```

- `npy` output format is now supported for numpy (raster) return values.
- Arrow-compatible return values are now accepted.
- `fused.cache` will detect changes to referenced UDFs.
- `fused.run` accepts `verbose` keyword.

Bug Fixes:

> - Fixed bugs with `Udf.render` on some IPython versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed bugs with `udf.render` on some IPython versions.
```

- Fixed bugs with `repr`s for access tokens and UDFs.
- Fixed calling `fused.run` with UDF objects and `sync=False`.
- Renamed the UDF class to `Udf`.
- Removed some unused and deprecated code.
- Fixed bugs with `fused.cache` showing as not found, having stale files, or not passing arguments through.
- Removed the `n` keyword argument from `get_udfs` and `get_apps`.
- Fixed bugs with HEAD requests to UDF endpoint.
- `fused.submit` will warn about conflicting arguments.
- `/tmp/` size has been increased in realtime instances.
- `fused.api.list` and related functions supports `/mount` paths.
- Improved the performance of GitHub sync.
- Changed defaults for `JobPool.cancel` and fixed a bug where it would continue to retry.
- Fixed bugs with `JobPool.df` and UDF runs that result in exceptions.
- Fixed encoding URL paths in `fused.api.download` and related functions.

**[Workbench](/workbench/)**

New Features:
- Added AI editing and AI chat capabilities in the UDF builder.

> - Workbench will now show how much time was taken on each line of a UDF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Workbench now has a code profiler: showing the time was taken on each line of a UDF.
```

- Added new Dashboard builder mode (experimental).
- Added new Table data view mode.
- GitHub integration has a new page and is no longer beta.
- Fused apps uses a newer version of Streamlit and Stlite.
- Added a menu item to take a screenshot in higher-than-screen resolution.
- Added type-to-filter in File Explorer.
- File Explorer can be browsed without logging in.
- File Explorer now shows a summary of the current directory.
- File preview UDFs can now be specified with regular expressions.
- Cmd+Click on shared tokens will now take you to the UDF catalog.

Bug Fixes:
- Results panel shows when memory usage is unknown.
- Share code is more consistent with the selected output format.
- Fixed bugs with read-only app UI.
- The large data warning will now show in File Explorer as well when applicable.
- Fixed bugs with app/UDF catalog layout and sorting.
- Adjusted the UI for visualization settings and parameters in the UDF list.
- Reordered menu items in File Explorer.
- Cursor position will be remembered when switching between UDFs.
- Share tokens that are already shown on the page are no longer redacted.

> - GitHub integration remembers relevant open PRs better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
